hi guys today we're making this
miniature dress bones first off I went
online and found a measurement and a
style of transform that I liked and make
the stencil myself to work from I used
to which cure to work on and shape the
form and form a clay first off I just
added a layer on the skewer and baked it
for a few minutes to make it stay then I
started building up the shape by adding
layers of clay the sketch come in handy
here because you can easily see where
you need to add more clay if you notice
my nail polish changing through the
video is because this project was
completed or a few different days
when I was happy with the basic shape of
the foam I baked it for 15 minutes to
harden then I use a file to even out the
surface
then add more clay where you want the
phone to be curvier I added to the hips
in the chest by dabbing on there quickly
before adding new clay lastly add a
cylinder for the neck and blend it in be
completely you can use the format is or
decorated I made a mold for mine I'm
casting plaster so can make more forms
that look the same
one way to finish is to paint the form
in the color features I went for black
remember to close any painted areas to
protect them
well one foot I use this round slice of
wood and cut a circle in play with a
hole in the middle left with the stick
and baked it
through the circle to the wood base and
the form to the base
painting the color of your choice
another pretty finish is to add a
decorative fabric to your phone simply
use a thick fabric glue to attach the
fabric study for the middle
cut away in excess and glue down all cut
sides to prevent fraying
I made another base by cutting different
sizes of circles and clay and stacking
them before baking paint and glued
together
lastly I baked and painted the circle
for the top and glued it in place and
the project is completed thank you so
much watching I hope you enjoyed this
video leave a like if you did and
subscribe if you wanna see more bye